webcast in may
 
devcamp ui presentation
update mep
saikat finished devday online recording
devday stuff is available for viewing
refer to that
focus on the devcamp material
use as opportunity to prepare and present
90 minutes, 45 balaji, 45 jeremy
balaji does intro portion
include short demo
second half: jeremy point to recording and now we go on into more depth

meeting 2012-04-17: balaji, mikako, jeremy

chance for general public to speak, live interaction
materials: lab posted, newbie material, devday online, should appear in revit developer page training sessions
not cover everything, not possible
go through tutorial as much as possible, point to further material
balaji focus on beginners
jeremy focus on what's new in 2013, open to public
devday online not yet open to public
devcamp coming up in june, new 2013 ui class, use that, opportunity to prepare for devcamp
selective about what we explain in detail
recording available on public site
basic migration issues, basic intro to 2013, mention for those already familiar with webcast can join later, come back in 40 minutes
what changed, e.g. one box version
past webcast sessions: 
in 2011, for revit 2012, we only focused on what's new
in 2010, for revit 2011, we only focused on intro
now we combine both
take a look at the materials from webcast 2010, prep for devcamp 2010
full length intro, first part basic, second basic UI, basically labs material, presented by adam and saikat
point to further reading at least five minutes or so
poll at beginning and end
start at 10:00 us time, 19:30 balaji, 15:00 jeremy, maybe less people from west coast
basic powerpoint skeleton overview from both balaji and jeremy by tuesday april 24

jeremy migrated bc samples in about four hours

slides on:
- rme
- rst
- idling and external event

2012-05-09:

webcast synopsis:

The Revit API presentation addresses two main areas: an introduction to Revit programming for beginners, including a quick walkthrough of basic concepts, and an overview of the new functionality provided by the Revit 2013 API, of interest to both beginners and experienced developers. The first part covers the Revit SDK, documentation and samples, getting started, the basic structure and access to the Revit database, its elements, and their parameters. The second part presents a summary of the DevDays Online recording and examines some new Revit 2013 API features  in depth, including add-in integration features, the Idling and external events, Revit MEP and Structure API news and the new SDK samples.

2012-05-14:

https://www.livemeeting.com/cc/autodesklearning/join?id=7FH6BB&role=present&pw=APIRevitPresent

Jeremy Tammik
jeremy.tammik@eur.autodesk.com
Autodesk

set up audio and recording:

  live meeting scheduling: usr quancij pwd autodesk

  set up at least one minute before you start recording

  voice and video > options > connect telephone and computer audio

  enter the key sequence to connect phone conference and live meeting audio: 
  ppppp9672646ppppppppp9672646#pppppppppppppp#

  recording > to service > record

in-conference features:

  All participants must use a touch-tone phone to participate in an Instant Meeting conference. The following features are available for you to use during an active conference: 
  *1 for a private pre-recorded help menu. A recorded message will play listing the available touch- tone features. 
  *2 for a roll call (conference). A playback of the participants' names who have joined the call will be played into the conference. This feature is only available when Name Record feature is set to "yes." 
  *3 for a roll call (private). A playback of the participants' names who have joined the call will be announced to the initiator only. This feature is only available when Name Record feature is set to "yes." 
  *4 to mute or unmute the entire conference (except for your line). 
  *5 to enable Conference Continuation. This allows you to determine if the active conference can continue after you disconnect. In order to use this feature, Auto Continuation must be set to "yes." 
  *6 to mute or unmute your line. 
  *7 to lock or unlock the conference. If you lock the call, those attempting to join will hear a prompt indicating the conference has been "secured." 
  *8 to dial out to additional participants within North America. 
  *9 for Entry/Exit options. You can specify how the entry and exit of participants are announced for the active conference: by tone, by recorded name, or by silent entry. 

- test run all labs before webcast!
- test run all new samples before webcast!
- reboot, disable vpn
- set up resolution 1024 x 768
- set up webcast audio


Polls at beginning

1. What category best describes your main professional activity?

Architect
Engineer
Constructor
Programmer
Manager
Other

2. How would you rate your level of experience with the Revit products?

Very experienced
Quite experienced
Not experienced

3. How would you rate your level of experience with the Revit API?

Very experienced
Quite experienced
Not experienced

4. Which statement best describes you?

This topic directly affects my work today
I expect this topic to be useful to me in the future
I'm evaluating this technology
None of the above

Polls at end

5. How was the audio quality of the presentation?

Good
Acceptable
Poor

6. How was the visual quality of the presentation?

Good
Acceptable
Poor

7. How do you rate the presentation material?

Excellent
Good
Okay
Poor

8. How do you rate the presentation delivery?

Excellent
Good
Okay
Poor

9. Would you recommend this webcast to a friend or colleague?

Yes
No

10. What API topics would you be interested in for future webcasts?

Advanced UI API
IFC Open Source 
Materials and Physical Properties
Revit Server API
Revit Links API
Schedule API
(For other topics and multiple choices, please send suggestions through Q&A)

Advanced UI API, IFC Open Source, Materials and Physical Properties, Revit Server API, Revit Links API, Schedule API

use polls defined in the ppt slide directly?

